Luthor
Not that I've been
getting any sleep lately.
but this had better be
important.
Your father's will dictated
certain articles be delivered
to his surviving heir.
This particular line item
wasn't discovered
until after Lex passed.
You can imagine
our surprise
when Lionel's heir
turned out to be...You.
Tired of searching for subtitles?
Ray generates them instantly: getray.app
Clark.
Calling another woman
at this hour.
What would the industrious
Lois Lane think?
We have a lead.
Meet me at Cadmus.
I'll be right there.
Clark.
What'd you find?
Emil finally finished working
through the files we found
after the fire.
There's one body
still unaccounted for -- Lx-15.
There's another Lex
on the loose.
Why look here? I closed the book
on this place months ago.
Supplies are still
being sent here.
Someone's helping him
survive. but...
You're assuming
that he's a threat
just because
he's a Luthor.
Whatever happened to everyone
deserving a second chance?
No. Luther blood
is Luther blood. It's poison.
It's here.
The only room in the building
that's lead-lined.
Wait.
I'll handle this.
No. Tess.
They're dangerous. Tess.
They're born that way.
I'll --
I'll go back to Watchtower
and see if I can program
Oliver's satellite.
"Dearest Tess.
Thanks for the read.
but I'm all grown up now."
"Alexander."
You knew
about all this?
After everything
Oliver and I did to trust you.
this is
how you repay us?
No. No. I was only trying
to protect you.
You were only trying
to protect yourself.
No.
Clark...
You're no better
than he is.
What else are you hiding.
Tess?
It's a Kryptonian relic.
I only just received it.
I swear to God. I was gonna
tell you about it. Clark.
It just showed up.
Why do you have it?
Clark...There's something
I need to tell you.
Clark?
Ah.
Now is the moment
for an apposite quote
from one of my favorites --
Marcus Aurelius.
"When you arise
in the morning.
"think what a privilege it is
to be alive.
To breathe. to enjoy.
to love. to think."
Lionel?
Dress yourself.
We Luthor men
must seize our day.
You only live once.
son.
♪  Smallville 10x10 ♪
Luthor
Original Air Date on December 3. 2010
♪ Somebody save me ♪
♪ "Save Me" ♪ performed by Remy Zero
♪ let your warm hands
break right through ♪
♪ somebody save me ♪
♪ I don't care how you do it ♪
♪ just stay ♪
♪ stay ♪
♪ come on ♪
♪ I've been waiting for you ♪
♪ just stay with me ♪
♪ I've made this whole world
shine for you ♪
♪ just stay ♪
♪ stay ♪
♪ come on ♪
== sync. corrected by elderman ==
== for www.addic7ed.com ==
What are you doing here?
You shouldn't --
I assume
you will properly expense
the services of the ladies
Mandie and Bambie.
We don't want to risk
another audit.
This is impossible.
This. uh. "Ultra-man" persona
you've come up with -- genius.
It's a great way
to strong-arm our opponents.
But your display of ego is
attracting too much attention.
You're getting reckless.
Now. button up!
Is this a dream?
Absolutely -- a dream
that you are putting at risk.
Think. Clark.
Think what it took
to build this empire --
hard work.
dedication to family.
Agh.
And more than a little
spilt blood.
Is this...
Is this
one of my trials?
No.
No. it's practice.
You just need
a little practice.
You know what they say --
burning the candle at both ends.
Trite but true.
I don't want to watch you
making stupid mistakes. Clark.
I know
what you're capable of.
You can make a father
proud!
Enh!
I'm not your son.
You watch out for
those emotional reactions.
Unh!
Aah!
The heart --
it'll blind you. son.
You want to be your own man.
That's natural.
But remember. Clark --
I am your father.
and I alone raised you
in my own image
to become the man
that you are today.
I must have
lost perspective.
But that's why
I'm here --
to set you
back on the right path.
You could conquer
the universe.
The man of tomorrow --
Clark Luthor!
I sometimes shudder
to think
what would have happened
to my little traveler
if he had been discovered
in that cornfield
by the first ignorant farmer
that came along.
Where on earth
would you be now?
The farm.
Mom?
Dad?
He isn't here.
How long
have you been here?
Long enough
to go for a ride.
You love to make me wait.
don't you?
What are you doing?
Stop worrying.
Father will never
find us here.
- Father?
- Mm-hmm.
Our father?
Last time I checked.
you're still adopted
and I'm still
as redheaded bastard as it gets.
You're a Luthor.
God. you love to rile me up.
don't you?
Tess.
I can't do this.
Why not?
I'm not
who you think I am.
Your scar.
Where's your scar?
That bastard. God.
He used
the mirror box.
He tells me
all about it.
and then he says
he can't find it.
I can't believe I ever thought
it would work with us.
I can't believe
I ever trusted him.
Tess. I found it.
I used it.
But who are you
talking about?
You.
Or the more...fun version
of you. anyway.
Is this time travel?
Something went wrong in my past?
And if I fix it.
I get to go back?
Are you really this naive
in your world?
My world.
Tess. I need some help.
all right?
You obviously know something.
You need to tell me.
Tess! Please.
According to my Clark.
it's like a parallel reality.
It's still
the same history.
It's just rewritten
with a sort of...darker edge.
So while I'm stranded here.
he's...
Stuck in your life
there.
And your kinder.
gentler world
is about to get
an explosive awakening.
Lois?
All the people in all
the streets in the whole world.
you're the person
I have to hit?
Lois.
I'm happy to see you.
Hey. you know what?
Don't think for a minute
that you're gonna use
this non-fender bender
as another excuse
to try to get me fired!
Lois.
why would I want to fire you?
'Cause you're a masochist.
Now I know why you're late.
Are you okay?
Any comment on the latest round
of landgrabs in Smallville?
Don't worry. Ollie.
I can handle this.
You're engaged?
What your employees do
with their personal life
is none of your concern.
You're lucky to have her.
How long have we
known each other. Luthor?
Was boarding school.
right?
And how many times
have I had to stand here
and watch you piss away
every single opportunity
you've ever had
to make this world
a better place?
Thank you.
Those don't belong to you.
Hey!
You stay away from me.
Why are you so afraid?
'Cause --
'cause no one sees Ultra-man
and lives to tell
about it.
Lionel turned me
into a murderer.
Come on. Clark.
Where are you?
I thought I said I didn't want
to be disturbed.
It's adorable.
seeing you at my desk
like you own the place.
How can you be so flip
when I've been looking for you
all night long?
I like making you wait.
It still bothers you.
doesn't it?
There's no take-backs
when it comes to gold-k.
Lex sure knew how to leave
an impression. didn't he?
His ego certainly left
something to be desired.
I am shocked...
As disinterested as you were
in finding the mirror box
that you would bring us
here.
Hardly any trace of Lionel
at all.
It's refreshing.
actually...
Being out from under
our father's shadow.
Lionel Luthor's been dead
for years.
Lex killed him.
I guess Lex did something right
in this place.
I got to tell you. sis --
this alternate earth --
it's a blast.
Doesn't feel right.
though.
Not having blood on my hands
before lunch.
Well. that's the great thing
about us being on our own now --
is that you can have lunch
whenever you want.
And what if
I was hungry now?
I'm watched
constantly here.
Where's the box. Tess?
Why?
We destroy the box.
we destroy any chance
of being sent back there.
And nothing can stop us.
Why don't you wait
at the mansion?
I'll...
And I'll grab the box
and we can celebrate.
This world won't know
what hit it.
Oh. no. You are not gonna ruin
this gal's afternoon off.
Just a regular black coffee.
please?
Hmm.
Don't quit your day job.
And leave all this?
Insufficient funds.
Like hell.
I-I just got paid.
Try again.
Fine. then I will just --
seriously?
Seriously.
Are you Lois Lane?
Uh. who wants to know?
Whoever's on the other side
of my cell.
Oh.
Hello?
If I'm calling you. Lane.
it's for a reason.
Tess?
How are you doing this?
Look to your left.
Your other left.
Watchtower
is everywhere.
Now. get up here.
We have a problem.
Nice to meet you. Lois.
Tess Mercer. if your little
stunt ruined my credit --
Wow.
All this for a primitive
busy signal.
Damn it.
Okay. I'm not really sure
what you're doing.
but I'm perfectly willing
to run around
and frown at technology
if it'll lend a hand.
Considering that I can't
successfully round up
the troops.
I just assumed
that Watchtower
was the safest place
in the city.
- For who?
- For you.
From who?
From Clark.
Wait. My Clark?
Not exactly.
And it's only
a matter of time
before he realizes
that I'm not his Tess.
He found us.
Get up. Tess.
Get up!
Clark.
Clark. if this is some kind
of red-k episode.
we can work this out.
Leave her alone.
I wouldn't worry
about Lane. sis.
It's remarkable
what you can hear
when you stop to listen.
You can't stay here.
I can do whatever I want.
I'm not going back
to Lionel's world.
'Cause that's exactly
what it is -- Lionel's.
This world will be mine.
Give me the box.
And if I don't?
I'll kill you.
My prodigal daughter.
You've returned.
It's too much to drop in on
dear old dad from time to time?
When you've turned your back
on both your father
and your fortune.
yes. it is.
If you saw my back.
it's only because
you kicked me out the door.
Research?
Does this
have anything to do
with that ill-conceived coup
you have been planning?
I have no idea --
Don't lie. Tess.
You're no good at it.
You never were.
Ah.
Little greek tragedy
you've been trying to drag
your brother into.
Oh. yes.
I know all about that.
I love him
like you never will.
Of course you love him.
That's no mystery.
Clark is a God among men.
Though how he could love you.
a consummate disappointment.
is beyond me.
You're nothing
but trouble. Tess.
You're corrupting him.
You take a good. long look
in the mirror
at the person who's responsible
for corrupting Clark.
I have worked too long
and too hard to let you.
a little half-bred tramp
with a Magdalene complex.
ruin everything.
You just made this
a lot easier.
Why couldn't you ever love me
the way that you love Clark?
Simply put. sweetheart.
you're just not special enough.
I hope that your love
is enough to save you
when he stabs you in the back.
you son of a bitch.
Jor-El?
I know you and I aren't on the
best of terms right now. but --
I'd call that
an understatement.
Of course your progenitor
would have every right
to hold a grudge.
considering
the extreme measures
you and I took
to silence him.
Lionel.
what are you doing here?
Surveying our progress.
You remember.
um. Lear. son?
Shakespeare.
King Lear.
Wanted to abdicate.
retire.
Lear had three children.
He tells them he will divide
his kingdom between them.
giving the largest portion
to the one who loves him most.
Two of the children
declare their lavish devotion.
The youngest. his favorite.
is blunt and plainspoken.
Stop me if you know
where this is going.
Lear disowned the child
who loved him all along.
Big mistake.
So. it's just you
and your sister now.
There's certainly
no getting Lex back.
You saw to that.
I killed Lex.
I'm sure you didn't come
all the way up here
to talk Shakespeare.
You're right.
I bumped into your sister.
She was looking
for. uh...
Ah. this.
Very confusing.
considering the effort
that Luthorcorp put
into scouring the globe
to find and destroy
anything from Krypton.
I asked her to help me find it
so I could destroy it.
Just want
to make you proud. dad.
Thank you. son.
About the box --
Queen has it.
His family had possession of it
when Veritas was dissolved.
Queen's no fool. Clark.
I mean. he's not gonna
just hand it over to you.
Then I'll take it back.
Good idea.
My son.
They're waiting
for us.
They're waiting for you.
You look. um...
You look beautiful.
It's not like the whole world
hates you. Oliver.
No.
No. just the greater
metropolitan area.
Be nice to have a couple people
out there backing me up.
I'd like to think
that I'm all the cavalry
you'll ever need.
Come on.
Why me. Lois?
Why me?
Because...
You are a very...
very good man.
There's got to be somebody
out there better than me. right?
Mnh-mnh.
If he is.
I've never found him.
I really love you.
you know.
Lois?
Lois. are you safe?
She will be
on one condition.
There's an antique. a mirror
box. in your possession.
Your family stole it
from the Luthors.
And I want it back.
I swear to God.
if you so much as touch --
exchange -- 10 minutes.
Text the location.
Hey.
I'm sorry.
This is something I had to do.
Stay away from me. Clark.
Or Ultra-man
or whoever you are.
I know what happens
when someone sees your face.
Help!
Lois. Lois. hey.
Where I'm from. Lois Lane.
you and I. we're allies.
You always have my back.
How else would I know
that you're brave and loyal
and a force of nature?
Anybody could have
told you that about me.
Look. you misspell words.
simple words.
at an alarmingly
frequent basis.
And you never admit
when I'm right
even when I call you on it.
Why would I?
And you can always tell
when I'm lying.
You can see right through me.
straight to my soul...
To my heart.
Lois. there's got to be
a part of you
that knows
that I'm telling the truth.
Who are you?
My name is Clark Kent.
and I promise. Lois.
I will never
let this happen to us.
I can't live in a world
where you don't love me.
Oliver?
So Clark Luthor
is the mysterious
Ultra-man
of Metropolis.
That name sucks. by the way.
Did it look good on paper?
Please. just give me
the mirror box.
I'll bring Lois back.
I'll be out of your way.
I'll save you
the trouble.
My eyes in the sky already
confirmed that Lois is safe.
But I don't know a thing
about your box.
Then. why bring me here?
Because I've been waiting years
to get Ultra-man
face-to-face like this.
And now I get to kill two birds
with one stone.
Something wrong?
Been hunting Ultra-man
since he murdered the Swanns.
That's how I found out
what hurts you.
I need to get back
to my earth.
Everyone's in danger.
Lionel's son. your enemy --
he's there.
And Lois isn't safe.
None of you are.
He's a maniac
and he's delusional.
Ohh. makes me feel better
about being the enemy
of Smallville.
Just your typical. multi-pronged
social kamikaze.
I evict farmers
from their land.
And I mine that land
for meteor rock.
This -- this right here
is just the tip of the iceberg.
Got a mousetrap
set up for your rat-ass
in every major city.
I'm no threat to you.
Really?
Then. why Lois?
She's the only one who knows my secret.
She believes in me.
And you took her
away from me.
You have to believe me.
Let me tell you
what I believe in.
I believe.
I believe in justice.
This whole thing is. uh...
It's a shame. really.
Everything that you can do...
And your powers...
We could have made
one hell of a team.
You're not a murderer.
No.
But you are.
You didn't have to hurt him
to save me.
What?
Save you?
So. uh. what was
the plan. Clark?
Murder your father.
then. with your whore sister.
escape to another world?
You knew I was walking
into a trap.
I've kept constant watch
on Oliver Queen's activities.
You should have known
I'd do that.
And Oliver never had
the mirror box. did he?
You mean this?
Your betrayal has been
staring me in the face.
But I couldn't admit
that I'd been
so wrong about you.
We are long. long overdue
for a father/son talk.
I'm not your son.
Well. you never were.
were you?
I made your Destiny --
your future. our future --
my whole preoccupation.
For God's sake. Clark.
I let you kill Lex --
your own brother...
- My son.
- Wasn't me!
Aah!
I've been afraid
of you. Clark --
of your power.
You know.
you may want to use
that. uh. box
and escape from here.
but the truth...
Is that I'm the one that's been
a prisoner all this time.
Let me use the mirror box.
I'll go away.
You'll never have to
worry about me again.
Not worry about you?
Ugh!
That's all
I've ever done --
worry about you!
I have sacrificed...
Everything for your sake.
I failed you. Clark.
Because
no true son of mine.
no true Luthor
would have let me live
this long.
Not my choices.
You're right.
I made you this way.
And because I have
failed you. Clark.
It's got to be
survival of the fittest!
Whether you're on this earth
or any other...
I am the most fit!
I will be
the survivor!
Hey.
Thanks for the advice.
Oliver.
Yeah. I know. I know.
You're the good one.
Just go the hell home
already. will you?
Lionel's son will appear
in my place.
You need to activate the
meteor rock as soon as I leave.
Why are you telling me
all this?
You said that you wished we
could save the world together.
We do.
Nighty night!
I'm me.
Lois?
Please.
Tell them.
I'm me.
Stop.
Stop. Stop!
It's him.
It's you.
Thanks.
I swear. the number of times
I've signed one of those.
Lucky for us. The Planet's
got great coverage.
Lucky for me. anyway.
Bet your deductible
is through the roof.
Something like that.
What are these for?
Nothing says
"sorry my doppelganger
from a parallel earth
tried to kill you" like flowers.
I think there's a card
for that now.
The store was out.
I destroyed
the mirror box.
You won't ever have to
worry about seeing him again.
He wasn't you. Clark.
I mean. not you you.
Well. I know the circumstances
were different on that side.
but it was still me
in that mirror.
And the way you looked at me.
Lois. with so much hate...
It was like you had already
formed your opinion
about Clark Luthor --
for good reason.
He was a monster.
I was a monster.
Kind of makes you wonder
how "earth two" Lois Lane
managed to put up
with such a colossal tool.
Consider yourself
universally consistent.
Didn't cut him
any slack.
But I do think she was about to
give him another chance.
You don't have to worry
about second chances with me.
You're doing really well
with the first one.
"Luthor blood is poison."
That's what I said
before things got weird.
Who knew you had such a gift
for understatement?
The heir that Lionel left
that box to -- it's you.
Given all that
the Luthors have done.
is it any surprise that
I didn't feel like sharing
with the rest
of the class?
I'm guessing how I reacted
is exactly why
you didn't tell me everything.
Clark. you want to know
the truly perverse part?
I'm upset
that he threw me away.
As grotesque and sordid a family
tree as I've just inherited.
I...
...Wasn't good enough.
Okay.
And you're lucky.
The Kents found you.
But you weren't
so unlucky.
As screwed up as you think
your life has been.
Lionel didn't raise you
on this side.
And what happened with...
The other Clark...
Is just proof that
Lionel's blood doesn't corrupt.
It's the man himself.
I was wrong.
The real reason
that I hid Alexander...
...Is because
I didn't want anyone to...
Take him away from me.
I was afraid
that he might be
the closest thing to family
that I would ever know.
But he fooled me.
And he's just as smart
as Lex...
If not smarter.
When and if he's found.
it'll be because he wants to be.
When Lex does show up.
we'll face him together.
You're not alone anymore.
Uhh. don't I know you
from somewhere?
I don't think so.
I'm from out of town.
Unexpected visit.
But I guess I'm back
in the Nick of time.
Wouldn't want to miss
how it all turns out.
== sync. corrected by elderman ==
== for www.addic7ed.com ==
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm